Upgrade otlp proto module (#17355)
influxdata/telegraf: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD024 -->
# Changelog

> ### BREAKING CHANGES

Reviewer: Please use
```suggestion
## Unreleased

### Important Changes

```
to fix the linter issue and to use the wording of previous releases!

> - [#17355](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17355): `inputs.opentelemetry` Changes the `profiles` support
>   from the `v1 experimental` to the `v1 development` as this experimental API is updated upstream. Will change
>   some metric fields, notably the removal of the `frame_type`, `stack_trace_id`, `build_id`, and `build_id_type` fields,
>   though other changes may also exist. Please refer to the OpenTelemetry documentation for more details:
>   https://opentelemetry.io/docs/

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
- PR [#17355](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17355) changes the `profiles` support
  of `inputs.opentelemetry` from the `v1 experimental` to the `v1 development` as this experimental API
  is updated upstream. This will change the metric by for example removing the no-longer reported
  `frame_type`, `stack_trace_id`, `build_id`, and `build_id_type` fields. Also the value format of other fields
  or tags might have changed. Please refer to the
  [OpenTelemetry documentation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/)  for more details.
```
